# CustomReplicatedMovement
This is an advanced replicated movement component for unreal engine which utilizes many complex networking techniques to implement several abilities with extremely smooth replication across many clients.  
### Server Remote Procedure Calls  
Instead of simply setting a variable with a **replicated** property and calling multicasts to set these values to other clients, this project utilizes server remote procedure calls (RPCs) to communicate with other clients with extremely minimized networking traffic to the server. When any client variable gets updated that needs to be replicated to other clients, a server RPC is called to set the value of that variable only on autonomous proxies and authoritative net roles.
### Compressed Flags  
This project also utilizes custom movement flags to set the main movement modes of the character. Only movement modes which significantly affect the movement of the character get their own custom flag, this is to keep the main movement modes synced with the server when the client makes a request to enter a new movement mode. This will allow perfectly smooth general character movement even at a simulated latency of 500 ms.    
### Saved Moves  
Another advanced technique this project uses for smooth replication is saved moves using compressed flags and remote procedure calls. When the clients hits an input to request some specific ability, a value will be set for that ability or movement to indicate the player wants to make that specific move. The move then gets prepared by setting those values on the character movement component before making any predictive corrections. Then the move gets set before sending to the server where it gets synced with the saved move. The result is very smooth replication between clients again even at a simulated latency of 500 ms with minimal to no server corrections because of how the saved moves gets synced.
